---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

This past week
--------------

This past week I didn't have much work to do. For the first time in several weeks I only had a few homeworks to do. The big event last week was the cs371p test. By showing up to class and keeping up with the course material, I felt like I had a decent understanding of the material and relatively prepared. After studying a bit, I felt prepared for it, even after losing precious study time to procrastination. The test seemed fair, covering material from class, and allowed enough time to attempt each problem. 

What is in my way
------------------
My biggest obstacle this week is the lack of web development knowledge. I have an interview coming up soon and the human resources contact gave me a list for information about the job for which I am applying. I know and have used PL/SQL before but need to touch up on my skills. There are some things in the job description including XML/ UML which I have never used before, so I'm trying to get the basics down.  

This upcoming week
------------------
This next week will be intense; it is the week before spring break and all classes seem to have a project and/ or test due. In my security class, there is a homework, project and an exam, so procrastination is not an option this week! On top of classes trying to finalize a unit with midterms, I have an onsite interview with Fidelity. As always, I am nervous and stress for the technical interviews.

Experience in cs371p
--------------------
The midterm is over! The test seemed very fair; nothing was unexpected. It covered everything we went over in class or in the out of class readings. Being an exam on Canvas, the ability to make edits to the code and short answers without erasing was a nice feature. I hope the code will not be graded on a compiling level because after the test was due, I realized I may have made a simple syntax error. In the allotted time, I feel like I was able to attempt all of the questions.

Tip of the week
----------------
My tip of the week is to know some basics of databases and web development, regardless of what technology track you will pursue. I have been brushing up on my SQL and HTML. Of course I forgot the differences in table joins for SQL so this [stackoverflow](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/38549/difference-between-inner-and-outer-joins) article has a great picture to explain them. I have also been reviewing the tutorials at [w3schools](http://www.w3schools.com/).
