---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

This past week
--------------
This past week I spent most of my time working on a programming assignment for my security class. I implemented the AES algorithm for encrypting plaintext to a cipher text along with a decryption which inverses the process. This algorithm used linear algebra which made me dig deep to remember anything about the subject.

What is in my way
------------------
I have a job post graduation and only a few more weeks of class before taking finals. It is becoming hard to get motivation to perform at my best and deliver quality work. For a few of my classes, I could probably skip some homework, take the final and still end with a decent grade. I’m trying to motivate myself not to do this because I’ll probably regret not giving my best attempt. You need to finish stronger than you started!

This upcoming week
------------------
This upcoming week I will be finishing off my last programming assignment for cs371p. This project is taking in object oriented concepts such as abstraction, encapsulation, inheritance and polymorphism (some what). Implementing these concepts in c++ is very different than java.

Experience in cs371p
--------------------
We have been covering how inheritance works in c++. The examples in class are becoming more complicated but as we cover and revisit the material, I feel like I’m getting a grasp on it. The last programming assignment is due soon and with a couple more hours of work, I should have it working.

Tip of the week
----------------
As we cover more object oriented concepts, we need to understand how the code design relates. We have slightly covered UML with the Darwin program and again with Life. I never used the true UML rules when designing code, but would still make diagrams to show inheritance and layout of the code. This [tutorial](http://www.tutorialspoint.com/uml/uml_class_diagram.htm) helped get me on track for how to create diagrams along with this [elements  diagram](http://www.conceptdraw.com/How-To-Guide/picture/Design-elements-UML-class-diagrams.png).
