---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

This past week
--------------
This past week was the end of my intense midterm week(s). After hours of studying, I made it through all of the homework and tests. I also finished doing the prep work for my pre-employment do to list. With my partner, I completed the code for the OOP darwin project. Although we didn't create a very good “Best” creature that would out number the other creatures, the project was still fun.

What is in my way
------------------
I have a big program due this week for my security class. In order to be able to start working on the project, I need to understand how the AES algorithm works. After writing mostly c++ for the past few weeks, I need to get back into the java mindset.  After taking time off and jumping back to a language, I always heavily rely on documentation to recall syntax and standard libraries.

This upcoming week
------------------
This upcoming week will be much more relaxed. There are only a few classes with assignments due. As always I will have several quizzes across most of my classes. My main focus this week is my java program that implements AES algorithm.

Experience in cs371p
--------------------
After about 20 hours, I completed the Darwin program. The program showed me how easy it would be to use getters and setters, but they break the rules of encapsulation and abstraction. 
It is better to push information between classes than pull it, which gives an explanation on the implementation of a class.

Tip of the week
----------------
In my computer security class, we covered the AES, Advanced Encryption Standard. This is an algorithm that I need to implement for a project. This [slide deck](http://www.formaestudio.com/rijndaelinspector/archivos/Rijndael_Animation_v4_eng.swf) explains how the algorithm works step by step. This is important to know if you plan on doing any sort of security professionally, since it is commonly used by enterprises.
