---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

This past week
--------------
This past week was busy but I worked hard and conquered everything that was in my way. I had two job interviews that went well and hope to hear back from in the near future. I felt like I was able to answer the behavior questions with ease and a good portion of the technical questions without making a fool of myself. One of the interviews led to an on site interview which will happen in two weeks.

What is in my way
-----------------
My biggest obstacle this week is amount of work that is approaching deadlines. Although I only have an cs371p OOP test this week, if I want to make the next few weeks easier on myself then I should probably get started on some of the other projects and homework. I have said procrastination was a challenge for me before and it will probably be again. 

This upcoming week
------------------
This next week should be relatively relaxed. It seems that all my classes have similar schedules, which could be seen as a good and bad thing. All of my projects and tests align and are due at the same time. With this type of schedule, I have short burts of very busy and hectic work loads then a period of relaxation. As we get closer to spring break, more work is approaching deadlines so I will try my best not to procrastinate so I do not stress myself out too much.

Exprience in cs371p
-------------------
We are approaching the first exam for cs371p! The specifictions of the test are interesting. I have never have a test online before. In previous programming classes, the professor would make us write out the code by hand. Using a computer to type out answers will allow me to answer the questions faster and make edits easier. I just hope my computer doesn't drop the wifi connection like it does my home network (this probably happens because my apartment doesn't want to pay for a better network). It is time to get started on studying for the test by writing code and reviewing the class google doc, which a great resource by the professor!

Tip of the week
---------------
My tip of the week is to be prepared to code on the cs371p test! I know that there will be coding in c++, which I am still learning so I have been checking out different resources online to get a feel for the language. We started writing classes for a range_iterator, but I didn't know the syntax so I watched [c++ classes](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ABRP_5RYhqU) to learn the syntax. This is the first of several videos on writing classes that cover what we learned in class.
