---
layout: post
title: Week 15
---

This past week
--------------
This past week was one of the most stressful weeks of my college career. I had 4 final exams within 24 hours. Even with time management and avoiding procrastinating, that was a tall order. Unfortunately one of my exams was canceled due to a fire alarm because the university broke a water line...

What is in my way
------------------
My biggest challenge this week is my last two exams of my college career. I have tried to not procrastinate but when you have so much work it is easy to just avoid it. I have an exam for an online class, which I put little effort into and studying for it will take most of my energy.

This upcoming week
------------------
This upcoming week I have my final two exams. My most concerning exam is for my online law class. The biggest challenge for online classes is consistently putting in the time to keep up with the course. I also have to finish the exam that was cancelled due to a fire alarm; unfortunately I was one question away from finishing before that happened.

Experience in cs371p
--------------------
We finish the second exam for cs371p. In 50 minutes, we had to answer 5 questions. Before the exam I felt confident, but during the exam I realized that I could not keep on track with the time. Overall, I feel like I learned a great deal about c++ and object oriented design.

Tip of the week
----------------
My tip of the week is to finish stronger than you started. I don’t have a technical tip since most of my time is going toward studying for my exams. Although it my be painful or boring, finish the semester on a high note will pay of in the long run. UT has been fun and I will miss college.
