---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

This past week
--------------
This past week was really intense. Several of my classes had projects, homeworks and/ or tests due. In the middle of the chaos of school, I had to go up to Dallas for an interview with Fidelity. I think the interview went well since I got to the next steps with HR. 

What is in my way
------------------
My biggest obstacle this week is my lack of presentation skills. Whenever I need to do a presentation, I get nervous and my heart races. During the minutes running up to an interview, I get the same nerves. Doing a presentation for an interview will probably only make it worse. To calm myself down, I'm going to practice, practice, practice. I'm going to make notes and force my family to watch my presentation to prep me for the real deal.

This upcoming week
------------------
This upcoming week is my last spring break! Of course classes don't stop so I still need to finish some homework, but at least there is no class. I have two interviews as well which are my main focus. The first interview is the final human resources follow up interview. After that I have an onsite interview, "Super Day", with JP Morgan in Houston, which will be a full day of interviews and a presentation. At least I get to go to Houston and enjoy a vacation in Houston after my interviews are finished.

Experience in cs371p
--------------------
We are starting the third assignment to create a heap allocator. This project seems to use more knowledge of c++, but with time and research. We received our midterm grades and I'm relatively happy with my grade; it could have been higher, but I'll take it.

Tip of the week
----------------
My tip of the week is to practice presentations and lectures. From giving presentations in high school speech to class in college, I still get nervous standing in front of the class. For an interview, I need to give a 30 minute presentation on a subject of my choice so I've been looking up how to nail it! [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/sites/carminegallo/2013/06/11/ten-presentation-techniques-you-can-and-should-copy-from-apples-wwdc-keynote/#1b080ddd3fb1) has some tips to make you stand out and make an effective presentation.
