---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

#This past week
This past week was busy one. I took my first International Business test. For the most part, the test seemed easy except for a few questions that came out of the blue. The best part about the test was that it was mulitple choice. When classes are massive, 100 plus students, the only way to have a test is multiple choice. I also turned in my first Security program. It was the beginning of the project that will be expanded upon later. 

#What is in my way
The biggest obstacle this week is pair programming. Pair programming is a useful technique, because two brains is better than one. This technique helps get more perspectives on how to attack a challenge, but communication is key. You need to help your partner understand how you plan on taking on a problem. With out doubt, schedule conflicts will occur as well, so starting early is important to make up for lost time.  

#This upcoming week
This upcomming week I have several programming assignments on my to-do list. I started the australian voting problem for cs371p. While working on the project, I realised that the "simple" solution is actually more complicated code than a "smarter" solution, so I ended up building the later instead.

#Exprience in cs371p
The example code we cover in class is very helpful. Skimming documentation or a tutorial, you may miss some important facts about C++. We covered arrays and points this past week and it was very interesting. How arrays act like pointers is similar to how it works in C, to my understanding. We created an equals() function to compare contents of two arrays, which I found to be very useful. Using templates to create typenames is a very useful tool. It cuts down on the amount of code you would need to write.

#Tip of the week
This week my tip of the week is to practice for the interview. Many college students are doing interviews for internships and full time positions on top of studying for school. The coding/ technical interviews are the most difficult part of interviewing. It forces you to think while being judged by the interviewer, which makes it a high stress experience. My tip is to practice coding. There are several coding sites that have good algorithms and data structure problems. I use [leetcode](https://leetcode.com/problemset/algorithms/) to practice. I also advise getting a personal whiteboard to help you plan code just like in the real interview.
