---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

This past week
--------------
This past week I spent most of my time finishing up the final cs371p programming assignment.  This project focused more on object oriented design including abstraction and inheritance. The project took more time than any of the pervious, but I was still able to complete it. My pre-employment work for my new full time software engineering job has finally been completed, only to be waiting on background check result, which I’m not worried about.

What is in my way
------------------
I have a program due at the end of this upcoming week focusing on password encryption and guess ability. The concepts needed to complete the assignment seem to be more complicated than other programs for my security class. I’m sure with time I’ll figure out how to break the passwords, but it will be a challenge.

This upcoming week
------------------
This upcoming week, I will be finishing my final programming assignment for my computer science degree! It is a bitter sweet ending. The program is about password encryption and guess ability; the goal is to crack programs using a brute force strategy.

Experience in cs371p
--------------------
With the final program for this class submitted for grading, we are in the final stretch of the class. The concepts that we have been covering involving inheiritance in c++ is very different than what I am used to with java. I know I’m going to need some extra studying to make sure I truly understand what we have been covering involving the abstract classes and the rule of three.

Tip of the week
----------------
I’m planning on getting into some basic web development. I’ve built a web site before and know basic HTML, JS, CSS but want to dive into more possibilities with web apps and Javascript in general. This [site](http://www.sitepoint.com/top-javascript-frameworks-libraries-tools-use/) covers many different javascript frameworks for different aspects of web dev from UI, data visualization, testing and more.
