---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

This is my second blog post. So to begin I will give an update of current events in my life.

#This past week
During this past week, I spent a good deal of my time working on a coding assignment for cs371p. It was a simple coding challenge, learning the development tools was the real challenge.  During an internship I had exposure to some of the tools for continuous integration, documentation and source control, but in this project I did the full setup.  

#What is in my way
The biggest "thing" that is in my way is time. As the semester is ramping up, test dates and project due dates are getting closer and it seems like 24 hours is not enough. Time management is important, but easy to forget or let slide. Like every semester, once it really gets going, I will get back into efficiently managing my time.

#This upcoming week
In the next few days I have another programming assignment due. This project to implement a simple security system. My first midterm is coming up quickly and unexpected. I will need to do a lot of studying (and cramming) before the big day!

#Exprience in cs371p
So far this class is seeming like it will be one of the more important computer science classes I've taken at UT. Requiring us to use git amoung other development tools is good practice and will make us more desirable to companies. Honestly I think a "How to code in the real world" class should be a mandatory CS class. How the teacher goes through c++ basics is really helpful. The comparisons to Java, which I feel proficient in using, helps me understand. This class will definately be the most work intensive course I take this semester, but also the most rewarding.

Tip of the week:
As cs371p is diving more in depth into c++ programming, I find myself looking for good tutorials to understand the material learned in class. [c++ documentation](http://www.cplusplus.com/doc/tutorial/) and a [c++ tutorial](http://www.tutorialspoint.com/cplusplus/).
