---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

#This past week
This past week was a relatively busy week. I did a lot of pair programming with my partner for program to solve Australian Voting algorithm. Overall it was a good experience where both of us contributed to the project fairly. I was also very proactive to complete several assignments for my online business law class. After putting it off due to the lack of deadlines, I realized that I was falling behind so I finished several units of the class. As the semester gets more intense with midterms and projects, having one less thing to worry about will help out a lot.

#What is in my way
My biggest obstacle this week is my lack of java programming skills. For my computer security class, we need to create a secure system in java. Overall the project should not be too difficult, but I have forgotten some of the core aspects of the language. With a quick brush up on my basic java, I should be good to finish the project. 

#This upcoming week
In the next few days, I have two job interviews lined up. A behavioral HR interview with fidelity should be relatively straight forward. Behavioral interview are easy as long as you just be yourself and enjoy the experience. The best part about them is that the subject is you, and anyone can talk about themselves for an hour. On the other hand, I also have a technical interview with JP Morgan. Technical interview are much more intense and stressful experience.

#Exprience in cs371p
Daily quizzes are a given in cs371p. They are the best way to check if you are truely understanding the material. The quizzes are not complicated; they are there to check if we remember the concepts covered in the previous class. We have also been doing more in class excercises where we actually write a snippet of code based off of what is being covered in class. These excercies are very helpful to see if you are understanding the subject matter and able to apply it in c++. Given the fact that I am very new to the language, all the c++ programming practice I can get will help.

#Tip of the week
My tip of the week is to research the companies before the interview for both behavioral or technical. For the behavioral, come prepared with a list of questions and be prepared to answer the common "Why are you a good fit" type questions. For the technical, you should practice, practice, practice! I just started using this new coding site,[InterviewBit](https://www.interviewbit.com/dashboard/), which is still in beta but still a useful tool.
