---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

#This past week
This past week was mostly spent on doing the finishing touches for the first cs371p assignment. Making sure to follow all of the steps, I submitted the project with 2 hours to spare. I went in to the TA's office hours to get a few questions answered and recieved a lot of help. They help my with some confusion and gave confirmation if I was correct. Their help was very much appreciated. 

#What is in my way
The biggest "thing" that is in my way is time (again). My sleep schedule is becoming normal and finalized, so I go to bed at a reasonable hour. Time management is probably one of the most important skills to learn in college. One of the courses I am taking this semester is an online business law course. It is very easy to procrastinate when no one is telling to do an assignment or when there is not a designated meeting time. My goal is to say on top of the work for my online class so later on in the semester I will not be regretting my procrastination.

#This upcoming week
This week is will be a busy one. My to-do list includes a programming assinment, test, and several smaller homeworks along with in class quizzes.

#Exprience in cs371p
Reviewing pointers and references in c++ was very helpful. When I first learned the c programming language, getting a grasp on pointers took awhile and came with a lot of uncertainty. The examples in class are great for show how to apply these programming attributes. The quizzes are a great way to truely learn the material so the information doesn't go to short term memory and then forgotten. As of today, the next programming assignment is up for the class, so I better get started!

Tip of the week:
This week my tip of the week is to know how to relax as school gets more stressful and intense. Remember to relax and play a game. Check out this great [iOS app](https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/frog-on-a-log/id888450967?mt=8)! Yes, this is my one app, but it is not shameless advertising when it is on your own blog... I would continue working on my apps, but it's difficult when there are only 24 hours in a day.
