---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

This past week
--------------
This past week was another really intense week. I had a test that turned out to be more studying than I expected. During spring break, I must have forgot how much material was actually covered and got an overwhelming realization once I started studying. I also began working on the next OOP program with my parter; I think we have the basic structure and now need to flush out the details and debug.

What is in my way
------------------
My biggest obstacle this week is a lack of time. I have another group project and time management is important to have meetings to make progress on the work. It can be difficult to have schedules align for a several hour block. I also received another job offer which is forcing me to weigh my options between two different companies.

This upcoming week
------------------
This upcoming week will have concern finishing a lot of work that could have been completed weeks ago. For my business law class, which is online, I have several homework that require several hours of time each, but with a class that lacks time management structure, it can be easy to procrastinate.

Experience in cs371p
--------------------
The newest program, Darwin is well under way. With my partner, I began designing how the code should be structured. In the project, there is a constraint for no getters and setters, which caused a bit of an argument about what truly qualifies for these method types. After much desiccation and TA confirmation, I think we have arrived on a decent design for Darwin’s world.

Tip of the week
----------------
My last tip involved the use of language documentation when programming. For this week I’ll expand on this topic. When using c++, know your data structures and containers. The [stl](http://www.cplusplus.com/reference/stl/) container libraries is an easy to use and efficient library. You can write your own data structures, due to choice or project requirements, but knowing these containers will make your programs a lot easier
