---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

This past week
--------------
This past week I finished my last programming assignment of my CS degree! It was bitter sweet to submit my final code. I implemented a password crack that would brute force solve weak passwords given encrypted passwords.

What is in my way
------------------
My biggest challenge is that the semester is coming the an end. Many of my professors have decided to have the class final on the last day of class instead of a time during finals week. I have four exams in 24 hours; this will definitely be a stressful week.

This upcoming week
------------------
This upcoming week I have four exams and the last of my homework due. Since all of my professors have decided to have the exam on the last day of class, my Thursday and Friday will be non-stop testing. I have done some studying but the fact the overwhelming amount of studying and fact that I’m almost finished with school is making it hard.

Experience in cs371p
--------------------
In class we are covering a design pattern that is lazy in creating objects. The idea is that you copy the object on write. This way can save time and space by not allocating new objects but pointing to existing objects. I feel like this could have been used in the last programming assignment.

Tip of the week
----------------
In c and its derived languages, the programmer must remember to call free or delete to free up the space in memory. This past week, I was writing a memory intense java program that would have heap space errors not because of bad code or memory leaks but from the size of my data structures. Unfortunately you can’t force the java [garbage collector](http://www.ibm.com/developerworks/java/library/j-jtp01274/index.html) to free memory, but it is still a good read to be an efficient java programmer.
